feat: add ECDH-1PU article (#267)
decentralized-identity/didcomm-messaging: docs/spec-files/encryption.md

}
```

> The recipients of the envelope must include all the KeyAgreement entries, representing Bob. The corresponding `kid` header for this recipient MUST have `did:example:jklmnopqrstuvwxyz1#key-1` as value as per the example above. The packing process MUST extract the public key bytes found in `publicKeyBase58` of Bob's DID Doc `KeyAgreement[0]` to execute the ECDH-1PU key derivation for content key wrapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recipients of the envelope MUST include all the KeyAgreement entries, representing Bob. The corresponding `kid` header for this recipient MUST have `did:example:jklmnopqrstuvwxyz1#key-1` as value as per the example above. The packing process MUST extract the public key bytes found in `publicKeyBase58` of Bob's DID Doc `KeyAgreement[0]` to execute the ECDH-1PU key derivation for content key wrapping.
```

Reviewer 2: updated with suggested test @kdenhartog

Reviewer 2: i will push a separate PR for this change.. for now, i'm reverting the update in this pr

Reviewer 2: new PR to update this sentence: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-messaging/pull/270

> The recipients of the envelope MUST include all the KeyAgreement entries, representing Bob. The corresponding `kid` header for this recipient MUST have a DID URL pointing to a verification method in the did document. This verification method MUST be associated with the `KeyAgreement` verification relationship and the public key bytes MUST be retrieved from the DID Document to execute the ECDH-1PU key derivation for content key wrapping.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The recipients of the envelope MUST include all the KeyAgreement entries, representing Bob. The corresponding `kid` header for this recipient MUST have a DID URL pointing to a verification method in the DID Document. This verification method MUST be associated with the `KeyAgreement` verification relationship and the Verification Material MUST be retrieved from the DID Document to execute the ECDH-1PU key derivation for content key wrapping.
```

Reviewer 4: I don't agree with "MUST" here. I think "SHOULD" is more appropriate. We can discuss on a call.

Reviewer 2: Sure, I'll replace MIUST with SHOILD this this case and add `Unless previously coordinated, the recipients of the ...`

As suggested by @awoie, i'll push a separate PR for this change and revert it here.

Reviewer 2: pr created: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-messaging/pull/270

> The recipients of the envelope MUST include all the KeyAgreement entries, representing Bob. The corresponding `kid` header for this recipient MUST have a DID URL pointing to a verification method in the did document. This verification method MUST be associated with the `KeyAgreement` verification relationship and the public key bytes MUST be retrieved from the DID Document to execute the ECDH-1PU key derivation for content key wrapping.

Reviewer 3: I think it is called Verification Material as per DID Core.
